2026 Intern Project Scope
Manager Name and Title: Justin Manalansan, Finance Manager, Marketing - Video Services
Intern Name and Title: Brian Schlesinger - Finance Intern
Office Location: Meridian
Start Date/End Date: June 8th 2026 - August 14th 2026

Project Title: AI Driven Video Services Knowledge & Predictive Economics Engine

Project Summary: This project creates an AI-powered portal that serves as a knowledge hub for Video Services acquisition economics and previous marketing and offer performance.
- Phase 1: Build a retrieval generation assistant that allows users to query complex acquisition documentation to understand previous offer economics, terminology explanations, and specific economic detail on the life cycle of a customer acquisition.
- Phase 2: Build a logic model to identify optimal Subscriber Acquisition Cost (SAC) based on user prompts and historical financials.
Deliverables:
? Interactive Knowledge Portal: A web-based AI assistant for real-time reference of DISH/Sling financial and operational documentation.
? SAC Optimization Model: A functional model that identifies optimized SAC for different acquisition scenarios.
? Unified Acquisition Tool: A clean, cross-functional data library linking the different departments associated with an acquisition (Marketing, Sales, IHS, etc.)
Business Relevance: 
? Scalable Onboarding: This project digitizes historical knowledge from all departments in the customer acquisition life cycle and provides a reference tool for new employees (terminology) and current employees (historical performance).
? SAC Optimization: By creating a library of knowledge and historical datasets and creating a clear modeling structure, this project will be able to provide an optimized SAC based on historicals and variable acquisition scenarios.

Skills Required/To Be Developed:
Skills Required:
? Financial Modeling (NPV, CLV), Experience using SQL, Python, AI.
Skills to Be Developed:
? Leverage no-code/low code Enterprise AI platforms to create reference tools and optimizer
Key Milestones/Timeline:
? Week 1-3: Onboarding and gathering/identifying and cleaning data from cross-functional teams
? Week 4-6: Developing "Reference Tool" assistant using out of the box Enterprise AI platform to ingest cleaned data
? Week 7-9: Building "SAC Optimizer" using financial formulas and historical data
? Week 10: Prepare and focus on executive presentation to leadership on August 14th.

Measurement of Success:
The success of the project will be measured using the following criteria: 
? Successful deployment of both a "Reference" chat interface and a "Predictive" profitability model
? AI Integration: The tool achieves >90% accuracy in retrieving specific offer details and >85% accuracy in SAC of new acquisition.
? Scalability: The framework allows for easy "uploading" of new marketing offer excel models and PDF documents for immediate AI ingestion.

